# Log calendar week 35 / 2024

## Input
- Introduction to DDD Lite: When microservices in Go are not enough  
https://threedots.tech/post/ddd-lite-in-go-introduction/

- Why are so many smart people unhappy at work? W/Christopher Avery  
https://www.agileuprising.com/2024/08/26/why-are-so-many-smart-people-unhappy-at-work-w-christopher-avery/

- The Red File Folder  
https://daverooneyca.substack.com/p/the-red-file-folder

- Software Engineers Should Be Able To Push Code To Production On Their First Day  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/software-engineers-should-be-able-to-push-code-to-production-on-their-first-day-22687dca605b

- Exploring Generative AI  
https://martinfowler.com/articles/exploring-gen-ai.html#memo-09

- Decision Logs  
https://buttondown.com/j2kun/archive/decision-logs/
:arrow_right: Imho named WWN - why, what, notes: It's helpful to document a decision for and against. At some point there are discussions and then such notes shine.

- Store Code Discussions in Git using Git Notes  
https://wouterj.nl/2024/08/git-notes

- Magic, or the lack thereof  
https://appliedgo.net/spotlights/magic/

- Impress at Job Interviews by Inspecting their App Bundle  
https://jacobbartlett.substack.com/p/impress-at-job-interviews-by-decompiling

- "GitHub" Is Starting to Feel Like Legacy Software  
https://www.mistys-internet.website/blog/blog/2024/07/12/github-is-starting-to-feel-like-legacy-software/

- Let's stop editing go.mod manually  
https://tpaschalis.me/go-mod-edit/

- The 4-chan Go programmer  
https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2024-08-23-the-4-chan-go-programmer/

- Supporting Sustainability  
https://benjiweber.co.uk/blog/2022/01/30/supporting-sustainability/

- Practical Tracing for Go Apps with OpenTelemetry (Beginner's Guide)  
https://betterstack.com/community/guides/observability/opentelemetry-go/

- :memo: Cognitive Load is what matters  
https://github.com/zakirullin/cognitive-load
:arrow_right: It's not only code and tooling complexity, there is also the complexity of the business logic that add's on.

- When Regex Goes Wrong  
https://www.trevorlasn.com/blog/when-regex-goes-wrong
:arrow_right: Regex following an article dealing with cognitive load. Coincidence? probably not.

- :memo: Ostrich algorithm  
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ostrich_algorithm

- If You’re Not Visible, I Can’t Promote You  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/if-youre-not-visible-i-can-t-promote-you-e770ba526c76

- How to implement Server-Sent Events in Go  
https://itnext.io/how-to-implement-server-sent-events-in-go-f9d8a2e7d5ee

- How to work with men?  
https://lampmaa22.medium.com/how-to-work-with-men-5bcd27c0e259

- An Interviewer Changed The Way I Write Code  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/an-interviewer-changed-the-way-i-write-code-ff6c6d3dd93b

- Predicting the Future of Distributed Systems  
https://blog.colinbreck.com/predicting-the-future-of-distributed-systems/

- No, intelligence is not like height  
https://theinfinitesimal.substack.com/p/no-intelligence-is-not-like-height

- :memo: Writing a Windows Service in Go  
https://dev.to/cosmic_predator/writing-a-windows-service-in-go-1d1m

- How we run migrations across 2,800 microservices  
https://monzo.com/blog/how-we-run-migrations-across-2800-microservices

- :memo: The Monospace Web  
https://owickstrom.github.io/the-monospace-web/
