# Log calendar week 39 / 2024

## Input

- Why Copilot is Making Programmers Worse at Programming  
https://www.darrenhorrocks.co.uk/why-copilot-making-programmers-worse-at-programming/

- Don’t Let That Content Go To Waste  
https://www.mooreds.com/wordpress/archives/3667

- Making progress on side projects with content-driven development  
https://ntietz.com/blog/making-progress-with-content-driven-development/
:arrow_right: driven feels increasingly more and more like a forced driven to me. Informed would make more sense.

- Content-driven development  
https://docs.netlify.com/visual-editor/concepts/content-driven-development/

- Why Content-Driven Web Development Trumps Design-First Process  
https://firebrand.net/content-driven-web-development/

- How to tame evil dependencies  
https://www.thoughtworks.com/insights/articles/how-to-tame-evil-dependencies

- How GitHub taught me to Micromanage  
https://matthewrocklin.com/feedback.html
:arrow_right: micromanage is not always bad. If you are a solo dev it is often even essential.

- Making Things People Want vs. Making Things That Alter Thinking  
https://rohan.ga/blog/building-stuff/

- Why is language documentation still so terrible?  
https://walnut356.github.io/posts/language-documentation/

- Project management PRMG  
https://sfia-online.org/en/sfia-8/skills/project-management

- Project management Skills  
https://sfia-online.org/en/sfia-8/skills


- Umgang mit einem Troll in der Change- Kommunikation  
https://www.hinz-wirkt.de/lotsenblog/artikel/5888-umgang-mit-trollen-in-der-change-kommunikation/
- Should we decompose our monolith?  
https://lethain.com/decompose-monolith-strategy/
- Git: Cheap Task Tracking  
https://matttproud.com/blog/posts/git-tasks.html
- Tossed Salads And Scrumbled Eggs  
https://ludic.mataroa.blog/blog/tossed-salads-and-scrumbled-eggs/
- FSL: A Better Business/Open Source Balance Than AGPL  
https://lucumr.pocoo.org/2024/9/23/fsl-agpl-open-source-businesses/
- Sets in Go  
https://www.willem.dev/articles/sets-in-golang/
- Using Go instead of bash for scripts  
https://blog.kowalczyk.info/article/4b1f9201181340099b698246857ea98d/using-go-instead-of-bash-for-scripts.html
- The World Depends on 60-Year-Old Code: COBOL  
https://www.lean-agility.de/2024/09/the-world-depends-on-60-year-old-code.html
- The Haier model with William Malek  
https://agileproductdevelopment.substack.com/p/the-haier-model-with-william-malek
- Why Estimates and Timelines Are the Biggest Enemy to Delivering Value  
https://mdalmijn.com/p/why-estimates-and-timelines-are-the-biggest-enemy-to-delivering-value
- Ignoring the Wisdom of Crowds  
https://longform.asmartbear.com/wisdom-of-crowds/
- Creating Cool Games With Ebiten  
https://golangprojectstructure.com/creating-cool-games-with-ebiten-in-go/

- Why CSV is still king  
https://konbert.com/blog/why-csv-is-still-king
- What 10,000 Hours of Coding Taught Me: Don't Ship Fast  
https://sotergreco.com/what-10000-hours-of-coding-taught-me-dont-ship-fast
- Go sync.Cond, the Most Overlooked Sync Mechanism  
https://victoriametrics.com/blog/go-sync-cond/

- Go Singleflight Melts in Your Code, Not in Your DB  
https://victoriametrics.com/blog/go-singleflight/
- 80% of developers are unhappy. The problem is not AI, nor is coding  
https://shiftmag.dev/unhappy-developers-stack-overflow-survey-3896/
- Open source maintainers underpaid, swamped by security, going gray  
https://www.theregister.com/2024/09/18/open_source_maintainers_underpaid/


- Is AI a Silver Bullet?  
https://ian-cooper.writeas.com/is-ai-a-silver-bullet

- Time spent programming is often time well spent  
https://stanbright.com/time-spent-programming/
- Be someone who does things  
https://notes.eatonphil.com/2024-09-23-be-someone-who-does-things.html
- A Data-Driven Approach to Writing Better Developer Documentation  
https://www.paradedb.com/blog/improving_documentation
- Move Fast and Abandon Things  
https://engineersneedart.com/blog/movefast/movefast.html
- I Like Makefiles  
https://switowski.com/blog/i-like-makefiles/

- No One Builds in Public  
https://laike9m.com/blog/no-one-builds-in-public,160/
- It’s Okay to Abandon Things  
https://netninja.com/2024/02/05/its-okay-to-abandon-things/
- Lowering Expectations, One Project at a Time  
https://netninja.com/2024/08/29/lowering-expectations-one-project-at-a-time/

- Cutting videos in the terminal with chafa and ffmpeg  
https://wonger.dev/posts/chafa-ffmpeg-progress
- Better Software Manuals by Dana Sohr  
https://rogersm.net/posts/better-software-manuals-by-dana-sohr/
- Hiring a software engineer in their late 40s  
https://rogersm.net/posts/hiring-a-software-engineer-in-their-late-40s/

## Blogs discovered
- https://yieldcode.blog/
- https://golangprojectstructure.com/
- https://sotergreco.com/

## Quote of the week

> If a tool makes my job 2x easier, then I'm simply expected to have 2x more output. Not 2x "better" output.
>
> -- JohnBooty, https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=41626036



