## Input
- Go is my hammer, and everything is a nail  
https://www.maragu.dev/blog/go-is-my-hammer-and-everything-is-a-nail


- Scrum is the Symptom, not the Problem  
https://rethinkingsoftware.substack.com/p/scrum-is-the-symptom-not-the-problem

- Imagining a Personal Data Pipeline  
https://www.joshcanhelp.com/personal-data-pipeline/
- My Journey, So Far, with Life Logging  
https://www.joshcanhelp.com/lifelogging/
- Why Your Data Stack Won't Last - And How To Build Data Infrastructure That Will  
https://seattledataguy.substack.com/p/why-your-data-stack-wont-last-and
- 7 Things I've learned building a modern TUI Framework  
https://www.textualize.io/blog/7-things-ive-learned-building-a-modern-tui-framework/
- Fair Source: Sustainability with no customer risk  
https://pepicrft.me/blog/2024/08/13/open-tuist
- Preemption in Go: an introduction  
https://unskilled.blog/posts/preemption-in-go-an-introduction/

- Trolltech's documentation process  
https://rant.gulbrandsen.priv.no/udoc/trolltech-documentation-process
- The Sarumans and The Radagasts  
https://medium.com/@komorama/the-sarumans-and-the-radagasts-6392f889d142
- Antifragility in complex dynamical systems  
https://www.nature.com/articles/s44260-024-00014-y
- Mastering OSINT: How to Find Information on Anyone  
https://osintteam.blog/mastering-osint-how-to-find-information-on-anyone-680e4086f17f

- Cryptography in Go: AES encryption  
https://bitfieldconsulting.com/posts/aes-encryption
- Things I learned from teaching  
https://claytonwramsey.com/blog/learned-from-teaching
- The Curse of Knowledge  
https://nesslabs.com/curse-of-knowledge
- Visual Data Structures Cheat-Sheet  
https://photonlines.substack.com/p/visual-data-structures-cheat-sheet
- Agile is for losers  
https://www.hypermatic.com/articles/agile-is-for-losers/

- Hybrid Teams are the Worst  
https://drakerossman.com/blog/hybrid-teams-are-the-worst

- Your Go version CI matrix might be wrong  
https://brandur.org/fragments/go-version-matrix
- A Taxonomy of Tech Debt  
https://technology.riotgames.com/news/taxonomy-tech-debt
- Passkeys are not passwords  
https://notes.neatnik.net/2024/08/passkeys-are-not-passwords
- DocOps For Beginners: All You Need To Know  
https://dev.to/dumebii/docops-for-beginners-all-you-need-to-know-2ldh?context=digest
