# Log calendar week 31 / 2024


## Input

- The Agreement~Certainty Matrix  
https://medium.com/the-liberators/the-agreement-certainty-matrix-3276f301e78d
- Konflikte im Team produktiv nutzen  
https://t2informatik.de/blog/konflikte-im-team-produktiv-nutzen/
- Stoppen Sie Ihre agile Transformation!  
https://t2informatik.de/blog/stoppen-sie-ihre-agile-transformation/
- Honey, I Shrunk the Backlog  
https://mdalmijn.com/p/honey-i-shrunk-the-backlog
- The Agile Bookshelf: Kritik der grossen Geste  
https://www.lean-agility.de/2024/07/the-agile-bookshelf-kritik-der-grossen-geste.html
- Introducing Substrate — An Open-source Framework for Human Understanding, Meaning, and Progress  
https://danielmiessler.com/p/introducing-substrate
- You’re Not Just Solving User Problems  
https://itamargilad.com/solvingproblems/
- Gaia-X is a distraction which should be abandoned  
https://berthub.eu/articles/posts/gaia-x-is-an-expensive-distraction/
- TIL: testing in the future using the faketime command  
https://ntietz.com/blog/til-testing-future-using-faketime/
- Resting is hard  
https://ntietz.com/blog/resting-is-hard/
- How to Automatically Convert COBOL to Go  
https://tderflinger.com/en/how-automatically-convert-cobol-to-go-lang
- Get your work recognized: write a brag document  
https://jvns.ca/blog/brag-documents/
- Killing the iPod(and Scrum)  
https://singhpr.medium.com/killing-the-ipod-and-scrum-f9fd716723fe
- Why Do Developers Lose 1 Day a Week to Inefficiencies?  
https://thenewstack.io/why-do-developers-lose-1-day-a-week-to-inefficiencies/
- Think Big, Plan Small: How to Use Continual Planning  
https://de.slideshare.net/slideshow/think-big-plan-small-how-to-use-continual-planning/78730150
- My all-in-one product operations process improvement tool  
https://jennywanger.com/articles/process-maps/
- 32 Key Concepts in Systems Thinking and Complexity Theory  
https://unfix.com/blog/32-key-concepts


- Fear of over-engineering has killed engineering altogether  
https://fika.bar/blogs/paoramen/fear-of-over-engineering-has-killed-engineering-altogether-01J3MM2Y3RGK8AZWYHHFJMAGJJ
- Go, a reasonable good language  
https://kokada.capivaras.dev/blog/go-a-reasonable-good-language/
- Practical Math: My Journey from Idea to Application  
https://blog.ignaciobrasca.com/opinion/2024/07/29/practical-math.html
- Automate, Delegate, Communicate  
https://blog.ignaciobrasca.com/opinion/2024/04/15/automate-delegate-communicate.html
- Calculus for Beginners and Artists  
https://math.mit.edu/~djk/calculus_beginners/
- My Favorite Tools + Techniques for Procedural Gamedev  
https://cprimozic.net/blog/tools-and-techniques-for-procedural-gamedev/
- The Four Theories of Truth as a Method for Critical Thinking  
https://imfeld.dev/notes/article_the_four_theories_of_truth_as_a_method_for_critical_thinking


- It’s Time to Move on From Agile Development  
https://dev.to/safdarali/its-time-to-move-on-from-agile-development-emp

- The Zettelkasten in Action: My Book on Habit  
https://zettelkasten.de/posts/zettelkasten-in-action-book-on-habit/

- Go, a reasonable good language  
https://kokada.capivaras.dev/blog/go-a-reasonable-good-language/
 
