# Log calendar week 04 / 2025


## Input

- The origin of the cargo cult metaphor  
https://www.righto.com/2025/01/its-time-to-abandon-cargo-cult-metaphor.html
- Problem Driven Development  
https://staysaasy.com/engineering/2024/12/17/problem-driven-development.html
- Thinking clearly about software  
https://www.seangoedecke.com/thinking-clearly/
- Protecting your time from predators in large tech companies  
https://www.seangoedecke.com/predators/
- Why Test-First Development is So Damn Hard  
https://jarosz.dev/atomicessay/why-test-first-development-is-so-damn-hard/
- People Who Have Influenced Me in Quality Engineering.  
https://jarosz.dev/atomicessay/people-who-have-influenced-me-in-quality-engineering/

- #44 From My Diary: What Years of Testing Have Taught Me  
https://newsletter.fractionalarchitect.io/p/44-from-my-diary-what-years-of-testing
- #45 The Raw Truth About Self-Publishing My First Technical Book: 800+ Copies, $11K, and 850 Hours  
https://newsletter.fractionalarchitect.io/p/45-the-raw-truth-about-self-publishing
- My career and a thought experiment  
https://www.ontestautomation.com/my-career-and-a-thought-experiment/
- The domain knowledge dilemma  
https://rednafi.com/zephyr/domain_knowledge_dilemma/
- I made a font  
https://blog.chay.dev/i-made-a-font/
- TBM 333: Lean Graph Theory  
https://cutlefish.substack.com/p/tbm-333-lean-graph-theory
- The OKR Deception  
https://mdalmijn.com/p/the-okr-deception
- Value = Money?  
https://mdalmijn.com/p/value-money
- We Removed 335 LOC with one Go package  
https://www.poxate.com/blog/removed-335-lines
- How rqlite is tested  
https://philipotoole.com/how-is-rqlite-tested/
- 400 days of Go  
https://philipotoole.com/400-days-of-go/
- No billionaires at FOSDEM  
https://drewdevault.com/2025/01/16/2025-01-16-No-Billionares-at-FOSDEM-please.html
- Sometimes print-based debugging is your only choice  
https://utcc.utoronto.ca/~cks/space/blog/programming/PrintDebuggingOnlyChoice
- The AI Madness  
https://dzx.cz/2025-01-16/the_ai_madness/


- Be careful with introducing AI into your notes  
https://hamatti.org/posts/be-careful-with-introducing-ai-into-your-notes/
:arrow-right: be careful in general what of your data you let get accessed by AI.

- Why Stack Overflow and Reddit Still Beats AI For Your Tech Problems  
https://medium.com/@DevOpsTrenches/why-stack-overflow-and-reddit-still-beats-ai-for-your-tech-problems-b61f5bb41d6d
- Addressing Go’s Compiled Binary Filesize  
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/addressing-gos-compiled-binary-filesize-5f39a540ffac

- SQL Transactions in Go: The Good Way  
https://blog.thibaut-rousseau.com/blog/sql-transactions-in-go-the-good-way/
- The PC is Dead: It’s Time to Make Computing Personal Again  
https://www.vintagecomputing.com/index.php/archives/3292/the-pc-is-dead-its-time-to-make-computing-personal-again
- I'll think twice before using Github Actions again  
https://ninkovic.dev/blog/2025/think-twice-before-using-github-actions

- We’ve lost our respect for complexity.  
https://wilsoniumite.com/2025/01/21/weve-lost-our-respect-for-complexity/

- How to Write Better Tests in Go  
https://jarosz.dev/article/how-to-write-better-tests-in-go

- Uploading Files to Cloudflare R2 Storage: A Simple Guide  
https://medium.com/@matthewaraujo.dev/uploading-files-to-cloudflare-r2-storage-a-simple-guide-e00f041a1129

- Framework Fatigue: The Real Reason Developers Get Angry About New Tech  
https://blog.raed.dev/posts/framework-fatigue-the-real-reason-developers-get-angry-about-new-tech

## Github repos discovered

## Blogs discovered
- https://blog.raed.dev/posts
## Quote of the week

>
>
> -- Unknown

## My wins of the week

## Reminder, refresher and TIls of the week
